Create CONTRIBUTING.md (#1640)
directus/app: CONTRIBUTING.md

  professional setting

### Our Responsibilities

Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying the standards of acceptable
behavior and are expected to take appropriate and fair corrective action in
response to any instances of unacceptable behavior.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or
reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions
that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily or
permanently any contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate,
threatening, offensive, or harmful.

### Scope

This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces
when an individual is representing the project or its community. Examples of
representing a project or community include using an official project e-mail
address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed
representative at an online or offline event. Representation of a project may be
further defined and clarified by project maintainers.

### Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be

> reported by contacting the project team at ben@rngr.org. All

Reviewer: Let's either say `project lead` or change the email address to `info@directus.io`

> reported by contacting the project team at ben@rngr.org. All

Author: ```suggestion
reported by contacting the project team at info@rngr.org. All
```

> reported by contacting the project team at info@rngr.org. All

Author: ```suggestion
reported by contacting the project team at info@directus.io. All
```
